# Instructions

The files `Q`, `t`, `dx` and `B.L` contain the lesser prairie-chickens counts analyzed in Section 5.1.2 of Carrizo Vergara et al. (2025). `Q` contains the arrangement of counts, `t` the times of survey, `B.L` the bottom-left coordinates of the survey squares, and `dx` the length of the survey squares. We remind that this data is obtained from a transposition and count reduction information of telemetry data. The brut telemetry data was provided to us by researchers [Liam A. Berigan](https://liamaberigan.github.io/) and David Haukos, under confidentiality agreements. Currently, it cannot be made public.

The file `FitChickens.R`contains a routine for fitting the data with maximum composite likelihood estimation and performing parametric bootstrapping for uncertainty quantification. The code for the bootstrapping is parallelized. We used a server with `95`cores with `11` simulations per core to produce `1045` simulations-estimations, and we retain `1000` non-erratic samples (see Appendix B in Carrizo Vergara et al. (2025) for more details). The results we obtained are present in the files accompanying the code: `AP.Mix.Brown.OU.rds` contains the result of the initial fitting; `Est.par.boot AP.Mix.Brown.OU.rds`contains the resulting point estimations for the parameters in the bootstrap sampling (erratic results included); `Boot.ll AP.Mix.Brown.OU.rds`, `Grad.bootsptrap.AP.Mix.Brown.OU.rds`, and `Hess.bootstrap.AP.Mix.Brown.OU.rds` contain respectively the obtained composite log-likelihoods, gradients and hessians at the estimates respectively. `L.bootstrap.AP.Mix.Brown.OU.rds` is a general list containing all the important information. Particular `seeds` were used during the simulations in order to help the reproducibility of the results. The user may launch his/her own bootstrap sampling, with different number of cores or seeds, which should produce statistically similar results.

The file `ChickensAnalysis.R` contains a routine to analyze the results. It produces a correlogram of the bootstrap samples with the parameters in corresponding log/logit scales, and the histograms in original scale highligthing the 95% confidence intervals. The images obtained by us are in the folder.

# References 


